Gem Hunter Match - Games Services is an official Unity sample project based on common features in mobile and live service games. The project is a sample slice of a player hub or metagame where there are social features, a progression system, and an in-game store.
Gem Hunter is based on the popular grid-based, match 3 genre, but any style or genre of game may implement similar features. This project corresponds to our latest YouTube tutorial series on the Unity Gaming Services. We recommend starting with the tutorial series if you are new to mobile development or the Unity Gaming Services. In the series, we start from scratch and build out a system to begin the game session with new and returning players.

Gem Hunter Match is an example of how to integrate the services (e.g. Cloud Save, rewarded ads, in-app purchases, etc) in a commercial game context using Unity 6. Experienced developers can start with the larger project. There are links to documentation and top level code summaries to help. We suggest starting with the script GameInitializer.cs which is the single point of entry for the metagame systems and provides a good overview.

Note that you will need to look at both the client-side scripts in the Asset folder GemHunterUGS/Scripts and the server-side scripts that are part of Cloud Code solution in the project folder GemHunterUGSCloud.

This sample is based on Gem Hunter Match originally released on the Asset Store to showcase the capabilities of 2D lighting and visual effects in the Universal Render Pipeline (URP).